Julia 1.9 fixed - Update installation.md (#500)
JuliaInterop/RCall.jl: docs/src/installation.md

    /home/user/julia-1.3.1/bin/../lib/julia/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.26' not found 
    (required by /home/user/R/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-library/3.6/Rcpp/libs/Rcpp.so)
    

> This iss was fixed in Julia 1.9 (see https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/34276) but a workaround for older Julia versions is to replace Julias `libstdc++` with the one of your OS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue was fixed in Julia 1.9 (see https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/34276) but a workaround for older Julia versions is to replace Julia's `libstdc++` with the one of your OS:
```
